today we did the dumbest thing have ever
done in our lives we had ghost peppers
on the road most all right let me
explain a few weeks ago we ate ghost
peppers which was brought in 2007 by
Guinness world record as the world's
hottest pepper and they thought that was
a challenge and a lot of pain man but
just a few days ago four of our
girlfriends tried some and took it like
absolutely
yeah yeah I did
hi Judy zero so we had to do something
bigger so we got tickets to the Latin
amusement park Latin is owned by Six
Flags and is a massive amusement park in
Montreal but the best part is Darren
who's behind the camera a lot is
absolutely terrified by a roller
coasters but you've only had to really
go something like yeah this is nothing
like it
are you feeling lucky this is absolutely
in crazy and I don't want to swear when
there's children room and what about
about the ghost pepper is me excited no
no I'm not gonna eat any ghosts
represent me no no no this is a
challenge by itself at suit guy so
before we took the leap into the worst
decision ever
Darrin needed a bit of a warmer
a rollercoaster of choice the Goliath
Goliath is a steel hypercoaster it's one
of the biggest and tallest roller
coasters in Canada and reaches 110 km/h
you are not ready or so we thought
and you kidding me but it was time for
the ghost peppers and I think our
reaction speak for themselves
oh my god no dude give this mall one day
no what is that what is that really it
is why we buckled up and it was time for
hell you ready no let's do it all we
have
Oh
Matt move down here I can't take it I
need to get up
Oh
yeah
you
I'm gonna puke
what's the worst thing that's ever
happened we didn't have access to any
milk or water or anything for over ten
minutes and walked away feeling like the
biggest idiots on the planet hey young
Darren could not take it tell you how
you're feeling I can't dude I'm numb
thank you baby so please give me some
give me some
can I was all bring you anything no so
down oh let's go there I personally
barely eaten anything that day so my
stomach was burning and amar was just
sad
Matt on the other hand just seemed
confused this is one directional surfers
I've had it's very good time
I love wandering I was single-handedly
the dumbest thing that I've ever done in
my life but I did it to prove what I
don't know but I did it
bucket list do the dumbest thing ever in
your life so from the project 30 team do
not ever ever try this but remember you
always leave with a smile see you
tomorrow